3.3 Steps for creating new BCOR Plan  
 
 
Step 1: Click on “+Plan” on the top menu. Then click on create new plan.  
 
  
 
  
a. Login by Maker – Create BC OR plan 
Step 2: Maker needs to input branch/office code. Rest of the details regarding branch/office and controller will be auto fetched by the 
system from Branch Master. Any errors should be rectified in Branch Master. No. of staff and Key Business Functions (Min 10 Characters) 
to be updated by the Maker. Click “Save and Next” to visit next page.  
8  
Step 3: On next page staff contact details need to be recorded. Maker needs to enter only PF ID of their staff members and click on the 
search button (  ) and remaining details will be auto-fetched from HRMS except Address which needs to be manually entered. The 
residential address needs to be updated by the Maker (Min 20 characters). Special characters are not permitted in the address field. 
Maker needs to save each row by clicking on save button under action tab before proceeding to add next employee. Click “Save and 
Next” to visit next page.  
9  
Step 4.1: It is preferable to keep an excel format with the details updated so that you can copy and paste. Saving is permitted only at 
the end of the screen. So ensure to finish all details in one go.   
Enter details of all the important services pertaining to branch like Fire, Police, Hospital, Electricity, Water and Health Department and 
Disaster team, designation and their contact numbers. All mandatory fields (highlighted by *) need to filled. Minimum 7 services need to 
be filled in this category. Maker is free to add more rows.  
10  
Step 4.2: Further details of all the important contact number of bank services pertaining to branches like Local Head Office, Zonal Office, 
Regional Office, CDC Belapur, Disaster Recovery and Network Provider along with their name and contact numbers to be provided. 
Details of all 12 rows need to be filled mandatorily in order to proceed. Please note to select appropriate designations from the drop-down. 
User can click on the Info tab to get details of the designations applicable to the relevant office. 
11  
12  
Step 4.3 Finally details pertaining to all the vendors related to bank need to be filled such as Hardware supply, Printer maintenance, ATM 
services, Desktop, Consumables Supply, Air Conditioner, Electricity and Plumbing along with contact numbers. AMC start and expiry date, 
if available, can be filled by maker. Providing AMC expiry date allows system to track the expiry of AMC and notification will be sent to 
branch mail ID before expiry. Do not type NA in the fields if any service is not applicable but click the dialogue box. More rows can be 
added if needed. All 8 fields needs to be filled in order to move to the next page.   
13  
Step 5:  Maker needs to input team details and role description as per the fields given. All 5 team details need to be filled. Multiple 
members can be selected together in each row. Each row needs to be saved one by one. More rows can be added if needed. 
Same members can be included in more than one team. Preview of all the added team members and description of all teams can be 
checked by clicking on preview button. Once confirmed, click “Save and Next” to visit next page.  
14  
Step 6: Each service may be selected from the menu “Brief description of key services”. Record business impact analysis along with 
criticality, business dependencies, disruption identification and impact tolerance. Minimum of 5 business services needs to be added in 
order to move to the next page. Under each key service, more dependencies can be added by clicking “Add Dependency”. Details of 
criticality needs to be filled as High, Medium and Low. Maximum tolerable period, recovery period and maximum permissible TAT needs 
to be input. Only numerical values can be entered. Please note: Maximum Tolerable Period of Disruption (MTPD) should not be 
more than Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and RTO should not be more than Maximum Permissible TAT (MPT). All fields need to 
be filled in order to proceed forward. Service name can be entered only once. In case any service is not available in the dropdown list, 
Maker can select other requirements from drop down and type the required service name. Click “Save and Next” to visit next page.  
15  
Step 7: Details of reciprocal arrangement identified for the branch/office to be entered. Alternate branch code needs to be filled and 
remaining details will be auto-fetched. No. of terminals available and reason for selecting alternate branch needs to be filled by the 
Maker. Click “Save and Next” to visit next page.  
16  
17  
  
Step 8: Mark the relevant challenges along with risk category and remarks. Save each challenge first and fill the next row. Minimum of 20 
characters need to be filled in remarks in order to save. Minimum 5 challenges need to be filled. More challenges can be added. Once 
all the challenges are saved, click on validate button. Once validated, Submit button will be visible for submission to checker. With this, 
the entire details will be submitted to the checker.  
 
  
  
  
 
